Your credit agreement
Fixed Sum Loan Agreement regulated by the
Consumer Credit Act 1974
Who is this agreement between?
This is an agreement between us, Tesco Bank, Broadway One, 199 Renfield Street,
Glasgow, G2 3AX and you:
Mr John Doe
EHQ
EH12 9FQ
This agreement sets out the terms and conditions for your
loan.
Terms and conditions for your loan
Amount £<LOAN_AMOUNT> Interest rate <ANNUAL_INTEREST>% per annum
(Nominal)
Length of agreement <NUMBER_REPAYMENTS> months Number of repayments <MonthlyRepay>
Monthly repayment £<MONTHLY_REPAYMENT> Repayment dates <REPAYMENT_DATE> of each month
Total amount of interest
due
<TOTAL_INTEREST> APR <LOAN_APR>%%
You agree to pay a total of: £<TOTAL_AMOUNT>
This is the amount you have borrowed plus interest and other charges
We will tell you the date of your first payment in writing once you have been
accepted and the repayments will then be on the same date (or the next working day)
in each following month. Depending on the date of the first payment, this may extend
the length of the agreement by up to one month but will not change the amount of
interest you pay or the number of repayments you make.
At the beginning of the loan we work out the interest you will pay over the whole
length of your loan and add this to your loan amount. We calculate your interest
charge by applying interest at a monthly rate based on the APR to the balance of
your loan, as reduced by your monthly repayments. We add this to the loan amount
and then divide this total by the number of monthly repayments. If you fail to make
payments, we will charge interest, until payment, after as well as before any court
judgment in relation to the loan, as long as we have sent you the relevant notice
where necessary.
Page 1 of 4
Want to change your monthly repayment date?
No problem. You can change the date once a year during the lifetime of your loan,
which may extend the length of agreement by up to one month. This won't aect the
amount of interest you pay or the number of repayments you make.
Are there any fees or charges I may have to pay?
Fees and charges
Charge Why? How?
£12 Each time you miss a payment
Each time we send you a default
notice
By Direct Debit, one month after
we tell you about the charge
Our reasonable costs If we have to take steps to make
you repay your loan. For example,
this could be the cost of finding
you if you do not tell us your new
address
By Direct Debit, one month after
we tell you about the charge
Can I cancel the loan if I change my mind at the start
Yes and you don't have to tell us why you'd like to cancel.
We'll write to you when we have transferred the loan into your bank account. Your
right to cancel starts the day after you receive this letter and ends 14 days after that.
To cancel your loan without paying any interest you must:
1. Tell us you want to cancel within the 14 day period. To do this, call
0345 600 6016 or write to Tesco Bank, Loans Payment Team, Broadway One,
199 Renfield Street, G2 3AX
2. Repay the loan within 30 days of telling us you want to cancel. To do this,
call 0345 600 6016 to pay by debit card, or send a cheque to Tesco Bank,
Loans Payment Team, Broadway One, 199 Renfield Street, G2 3AX. Remember
if you send a cheque you must allow at least 3 extra days for the money to
reach us.
If you cancel the loan within 14 days, but don't repay the loan in full within 30 days,
we will add interest. This will be at a rate of £4.14 a day it's on top of the original loan
amount you have to repay.
Want to pay us back early after the initial 14 days? Please read section 'Can I repay my
loan early?'
How will you send the money? And when do I get my loan?
We'll make a final decision on whether to lend to you when we receive this signed
credit agreement.
Page 2 of 4
If we accept your application, we'll pay the loan to the bank account you chose. We'll
tell you when this happens. If you have asked us to repay any of your existing loans
with us, we will do this and pay the rest into your bank account.
Can I repay my loan early?
Yes. You can pay all of it or some of it at any time.
Paying o your loan early
Full payment Call us to find out how much you have to pay and
make one payment by cheque or debit card within
28 days.This will include an interest charge. When
we work out how much you have to pay we will
include any rebate we must give you.
Part payment If you want to pay more than your monthly
repayment, you must tell us. You can pay by debit
card over the phone, or send us a cheque.
If your account is in arrears we will use any
extra money you pay to clear your arrears first.
Otherwise, before you make a part payment we will
ask you if you want to:
• reduce your monthly payments (the term of
your loan stays the same)
• reduce the number of payments you have to
make on your loan (the amount of your monthly
payments stays the same).
If you make a part payment without telling us we
will call you to ask what you would like us to do
with the money. If we cannot contact you we will
treat your payment as notice that you want to make
a part payment and use the amount you pay to
reduce your monthly repayments,we will tell you
your new repayments in writing.
When will my loan end?
You can close your loan account at any time, please see section 'Can I repay my loan
early'.
Otherwise, your loan will end when you have paid everything back.
Can you ask me to repay the loan early?
Yes. For example, this could happen if you are declared bankrupt, subject to an
Individual Voluntary Arrangement, regularly miss your payments or seriously breach
the loan agreement.
We will send you a letter giving you the chance to catch up first. We'll also send any
notices we have to by law. If necessary, we may take you to court to get you to pay.
This could result in a court making an order against you which might result in:
Page 3 of 4
• The court ordering you to pay the debt out of your wages. A legal document is
sent to your employerwhich forces them to take money from your wage to pay
your outstanding debt to us.
• If you live in England and Wales, we may seek a charging order from the court.
If we get this order,you will have to pay any amount you owe us when you sell
your home.
• If you live in Scotland we may get a court order which prevents you from selling
your house or securing any further debts against your home.
• You may also have to pay our legal costs.
General terms
• You can get a free statement of your account (Amortisation Table) at any time.
This will tell you how many repayments you still have to make, the due date
and amount of each repayment, the amount of interest and capital in each
repayment and any conditions relating to future repayments.
• We may transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you
to another lender or company in the future (this is sometimes called
an assignation). In order to facilitate such a transfer, we may share your
information with such lenders or companies.
• If your address is in Scotland, Scottish law applies to the contract between
us and disputes between us will be referred to the Scottish courts. If your
address is elsewhere, English law will apply and disputes will be referred to the
English and Welsh courts.
• We will communicate with you in English and you can ask for a copy of these
terms and conditions at any time free of charge. Our telephone number is
0345 600 6016 *.
• Tesco Bank is a trading name of Tesco Personal Finance plc. Our address is
Interpoint Building, 22 Haymarket Yards, Edinburgh EH12 5BH. Our consumer
credit business is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, who can be
contacted at the following address: 25 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf,
London, E14 5HS.
• If you make a complaint, we'll aim to resolve it as quickly as we can. If you're
still not happy, you can refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman
Service (FOS). You can find out more about the FOS by writing to them at
Exchange Tower, London E14 9SR or by telephoning on 0800 023 4567 . Details
are also available from their website, http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk
• Online Dispute Resolution - if you purchased your loan with us online you may
be eligible to complain using the ODR service. Further information on ODR
can be obtained at http://eceuropa.eu/odr or on the 'Make a complaint'
section of the Tesco Bank website. Please note that using the ODR service will
not mean your complaint is resolved more quickly than if you complain to us
directly.
Page 4 of 4