Pre-contract credit information(Standard European ConsumerCredit Information)
1. Contact details
Creditor. Tesco Personal Finance plc trading as Tesco Bank
Address. Tesco Bank, PO Box 27028, Glasgow, G2 9FT
Telephone number. 0345 300 4278
Web Address. www.tescobank.com
2. Key features of the credit product
The type of credit. Fixed sum loan
The total amount of credit.
This means the amount of credit to be provided
under the proposedcredit agreement or the credit
limit
<LOAN_AMOUNT>
How and when credit would be provided. We will make a final decision on whether to lend to
you when we receive your signed credit agreement
and will pay the loan into your bank account if you
are accepted. We will tell you when this happens.
The duration of the credit agreement. <LOAN_TERM> months
Repayments. <NUMBER_REPAYMENTS> monthly repayments of £<MONTHLY_REPAYMENT>
The total amount you will have to pay.
This means the amount you have borrowed plus
interest and other costs.
<TOTAL_AMOUNT>
Page 1 of 4
3. Costs of the credit
The rates of interest which apply to the credit
agreement.
Fixed rate of <ANNUAL_INTEREST>% per annum (Nominal)
Annual Percentage Rate of Charge (APR)
This is the total cost expressed as an annual
percentage of the total amount of credit. The APR is
there to help you compare different offers.
<LOAN_APR>%
Related costs
Any other costs deriving from the credit agreement. £50 for the courier service, if you choose to have
the credit agreement sent to you by courier.
Costs in the case of late payments. • £12 charge each time you miss a payment.
• £12 charge each time we send you a default
notice
• Our reasonable costs if we have to take steps
to make you repay your loan e.g. the cost
of finding you if you do not tell us your new
address.
Consequences of missing payments. Please remember missing payments has serious
consequences and could result in us asking you to
repay your loan early, taking legal action against
you and affect your ability to get credit (e.g. a
credit card or a mortgage) in the future or make
getting credit more expensive.
If we take legal action we may seek to recover the
money you owe us direct from your salary. If you
live in England and Wales this could include us
asking the court for a charging order over your
home. If we have a charging order and your home
is sold (through repossession or for any other
reason), any amounts you owe us will be repaid
from the sale proceeds.
If you live in Scotland we may get a court order
which prevents you from selling your house or
securing further debts against your house.
You may also have to pay our legal costs
4. Other important legal aspects
Page 2 of 4
Right of withdrawal. We will confirm to you in writing that the credit
agreement has been made when we have
transferred the loan into your bank account. We
will confirm that the agreement is in the same
terms as the copy already given to you and inform
you of your right to receive a copy. Your right to
cancel starts the day after you receive this letter
and ends 14 calendar days after that.
To cancel your loan without paying any interest you
must call us on 0345 600 6016 or write to us at
Tesco Bank, Loan Payments Team, Broadway One,
199 Renfield Street, Glasgow, G2 3AX
Early repayment. You have the right to repay all or part of the credit
early at any time
Consultation with a Credit Reference Agency. If we reject your application because of
information we receive from a credit reference
agency about you, we will tell you as soon as
possible and will give you their contact details so
that you can get more information.
Right to a draft credit agreement. You have the right to request a copy of the draft
credit agreement free of charge, unless your
application has been declined.
The period of time during which the creditor is bound
by the pre-contractual information.
The information in this document is valid for 30
days.
5. Additional information in the case of distance marketing of financial
services
(a) concerning the creditor
Registration number. Financial Services Register number 186022
The supervisory authority. The Financial Conduct Authority
(b) concerning the credit agreement
The law taken by the creditor as a basis for the
establishment of relations with you before the
conclusion of the credit agreement.
If your address is in Scotland, Scottish law applies.
If you live elsewhere, English law applies.
The law applicable to the credit agreement and/or
the competent court.
If your address is in Scotland, Scottish law
will apply to your agreement and disputes will
be referred to the Scottish courts. If you live
Page 3 of 4
elsewhere, English law will apply to your agreement
and disputes will be referred to the English and
Welsh courts.
Language to be used in connection with the credit
agreement.
All communications that we send you (including the
documents containing the terms of the agreement
between you and us) will be in English.
(c) concerning redress
Access to out-of-court complaint and redress
Mechanism.
If you make a complaint, and are not satisfied
with the final response we give under our
internal complaints procedure, you can ask for
the complaint to be referred to the Financial
Ombudsman Service. You can find out more about
the Financial Ombudsman Service by telephoning
us on 0345 600 6016 . Alternatively, you can
contact the Financial Ombudsman Service by
writing to Exchange Tower, London E14 9SR or by
telephoning on 08000 234 567 . Details are also
available from their website, http://www.financialombudsman.
org.uk
Page 4 of 4