Understanding your loan
It's important you think about whether this loan is the right option for you. To help you do this,
you should think about the following questions.
Step one: Is a loan right for me?
The loan is fixed for a set period of time. It is a personal loan that you can use for a
variety of purposes. It would not be suitable if you want flexible credit or credit for a
shorter period. If you are using the loan to pay o existing debts this could increase
the overall cost you have to pay.
You can make additional payments to reduce what you owe including repaying the
loan o in full. If you pay o your loan early in full, we will make an interest charge
of 28 days deferred interest and it may also include an amount equal to 30 days
interest. You can call us to find out how much this will cost you. Your personalised
interest rate and fixed monthly payment is shown above and this rate is fixed for the
duration of the loan.
Step two: Can I aord this loan?
The cost of a Tesco Loan is explained in sections 2 and 3 of your Standard European
Consumer Credit Information (SECCI) and in your Credit Agreement. These tell you:
The total amount you have borrowed: £<LOAN_AMOUNT>
The total amount you have agreed to pay back: £<TOTAL_AMOUNT>
Monthly Repayment: £<MONTHLY_REPAYMENT>
The interest rates: Your APR is <LOAN_APR>% and interest rate of <ANNUAL_INTEREST>% per annum
(Nominal).
Our fees and charges, including our charges if you miss a payment or make a late
payment.
Think about your current monthly out-goings and in particular your existing financial
commitments such as: your mortgage, credit cards or other personal loans. Can you
still aord to pay these if you take out a Tesco Loan? Will you also be able to make
the monthly payments on your Tesco Loan every month?
Missing payments could have severe consequences for your finances. For example,
it is likely to make obtaining credit more dicult and more expensive in the future
as we are likely to report non-payment to the credit reference agencies which will
adversely aect your credit rating (which most mainstream lenders consult when
assessing any borrowing application) and so can make future borrowing more dicult
or more expensive.
Remember we can charge £12 per missed or late payment.
If you regularly miss payments we may have no choice but to take legal action against
you to get the money back. This could result in a court making an order against you.
We can then enforce this court order which might result in:
1. an order being granted for you to pay the debt out of your wages, depending
on how much you earn. A legal document is sent to your employer which
forces them to take money from your wage to pay your outstanding debt to us;
Page 1 of 2
2. if you live in England and Wales, we may ask the court for a charging order
over your home. If we have a charging order and your home is sold (through
repossession or for any other reason), any amounts you owe us will be repaid
from the sale proceeds;
3. if you live in Scotland, we may get a court order which prevents you from
selling your house (or any other properties you own) or securing any further
debts against your home until you have repaid the debts you owe us.
Step three: Other sources of information
If you would like detailed advice on whether to proceed with the application or would
like to talk to someone independent then contact your Local Citizens Advice Bureau,
the Consumer Direct helpline or Step Change Debt Charity.
Withdrawal rights
If you chose to go ahead with the loan you will have up to 14 days, starting on the day
after you receive our letter confirming that the loan has been opened, in which to
change your mind and tell us verbally or in writing that you want to withdraw from
it. You will then have to repay the loan amount (and any interest up to the date you
repay) within 30 days of the date on which you have notified us.
Got any questions?
We are happy to answer any further questions you may have about Tesco Loans.
If there is anything you don't understand in this summary, please contact us on
0345 600 6016
Tesco Bank is a trading name of Tesco Personal Finance plc. Registered in Scotland
no. SC173199. Registered oce: Interpoint Building, 22 Haymarket Yards, Edinburgh
E12 5BH. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
Page 2 of 2